Update address conversion doc. (#1532)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/build/guides/conversions/address-conversions.mdx

import { CodeExample } from "@site/src/components/CodeExample";

The `Address` is an opaque type that represents either a 'default' externally owned account on the Stellar network, or a contract (that may also provide logic for custom externally owned accounts, see [authorization docs](../../../learn/encyclopedia/security/authorization.mdx#account-abstraction) for details). For the smart contracts it normally doesn't matter which kind of `Address` is used. However, in some contexts it's useful to convert `Address` to/from different data types, such as string or XDR. The conversions have distinctly different purpose depending on whether they happen in the smart contract itself, or in the client code.

# String conversions

> The default string format for `Address` is so called 'string key' (or 'strkey'), a short base64-encoded string. For the default externally owned accounts strkey always starts with `G` and for all the contracts it starts with `C`. The exact details on the format can be found [here](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0023.md), but they are not necessary to understand this section.

Reviewer: `strkey`s don't involve base64

```suggestion
The default string format for `Address` is a so called 'string key' (or 'strkey'), defined fully in [SEP-23](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0023.md). For the default externally owned accounts strkey always starts with `G` and for all the contracts it starts with `C`.
```

Author: Yeah, it's base32 actually, but I guess it's not very relevant.

<CodeExample>

```rust
let test_address = Address::from_str(
    &env,
    "GCM5WPR4DDR24FSAX5LIEM4J7AI3KOWJYANSXEPKYXCSZOTAYXE75AFN",
);
```

</CodeExample>

# XDR conversions

XDR is schema-based binary serialization format used by the Stellar network. It is used for all the Stellar blockchain interactions, such as building the transactions, storing data in the ledger, communicating the transaction results etc. Stellar SDKs provide the typed wrappers for all the Stellar XDR data types. Address is represented as `ScAddress` type, which can then be wrapped into `ScVal` which is a type that represents any contract type supported by Stellar contracts.

## Conversions in Client SDKs

On the client side XDR conversions are useful to build the transactions and process the transaction results.

<CodeExample>

```js
// Example Stellar address
const stellarAddress =
  "GCM5WPR4DDR24FSAX5LIEM4J7AI3KOWJYANSXEPKYXCSZOTAYXE75AFN";
// Create an Address object from string
const address = new StellarSdk.Address(stellarAddress);
// Convert the Address to xdr.ScVal
const scVal = address.toScVal();
// Convert scVal structure to the binary format

> const scValBuffer = scVal.toBuffer();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const scValBuffer = scVal.toXDR("raw");
```

Author: Fixed.

```

</CodeExample>

## Conversions in Smart Contracts

Smart contracts don't need to explicitly interact with the XDR types, as all the smart contract data types are automatically converted to XDR by the smart contract runtime. Every contract type, including `Address`, can be serialized to XDR bytes. This conversion is useful, for example, for performing hashing in smart contracts. It is also possible to convert the serialized XDR bytes back to contract types, which can be useful in some narrow use cases, such as custom authentication schemes.

> Note, that XDR conversions are and advanced feature and are not necessary for most of the Stellar smart contracts.

Reviewer: I was under the impression that XDR serialization required `std` :thinking: is that not true?

Author: Nope, we have host functions for that. TBH I'm not sure if this section is useful, I just left it for the sake of consistency (because address<->strkey conversions are unique and make sense as a separate section). But maybe it's worth removing it and document the XDR conversions generically elsewhere...

Reviewer: Gotcha. I do think it's useful, though - I don't think it's covered well elsewhere (could be wrong, in which case a cross reference is better) -- more is better either way.

Author: Yeah, I'm not saying this information is not useful at all, I'm rather questioning whether this belongs to a separate (not address-focused section). But for now it's probably better than nothing.
